---
title: The Look
description: Judgeing a book by it's cover and a lesson I learnt
author: norbu
date: 2024-08-30 17:53:06 +0000
categories: [Literature, Poetry]
tags: [Empathy, Judgement, Looks, Kindness]
pin: true
math: true
mermaid: true
image:
  path: assets/img/dp/thelook.webp
  alt: 
---
<!-- wp:quote -->
<blockquote class="wp-block-quote"><!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Author's Note</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Somehow, coincidentally, I found this piece of my writing probably from 7 or 8 years ago tucked away in one of my books. I used to have a habit of scribbling things here and there, and naturally, most of those writings have been lost to oblivion—probably never to be found again. As I read through this piece, I found it so relevant to today's context, and perhaps you might feel the same after reading it. If you love it, please share it with someone who needs to see it. And if there are things I need to work on, feel free to leave your thoughts in the comments.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph --></blockquote>
<!-- /wp:quote -->

<!-- wp:verse -->
<pre class="wp-block-verse">I have a friend whose dreams are clear,<br>He never smiles or lets one near.<br>He sits alone, downcast and torn,<br>His face with anger tightly worn.<br>Everyone thought his heart was stone,<br>So cold, so distant, all alone.<br><br>One day, rain pierced the earth with might,<br>as we walked from school in fading light.<br>A puppy cried beneath the rain,<br>Its tiny yelp, a longing note of pain.<br>He ran and gave his umbrella,<br>Then came back under mine .<br>I asked him why he chose to share,<br>He softly said, “He needs it more out there.”<br><br>That day I learned, with sudden sway,<br>Looks never show what hearts convey.<br><br><em>P.S: I made few changes and grammatical corrections to the original work but the message remains the same. Do leave a comment if I need to work on something. </em><br><strong><br>Image : https://pixlr.com/image-generator</strong></pre>
<!-- /wp:verse -->